What is up guys welcome back to my channel, my name is Warid and today i have a very interesting video for you guys today. Some of you may already watch my contents but for those of you who didn't know, i make videos of me playing video games and i also do live stream 
on twitch. People always ask me how much does my gaming computer cost and when i tell them the price they were shocked because it is way cheaper than they expected because my computer can run high-end games that require expensives hardwares. Well the reason for the price
is i build my gaming computer myself! It's 2025 guys stop being lazy and save your money by building the pc yourselves. So in today's video I'm going to teach you guys how to build a gaming computer so that you can play the games that you have been wanting to. Let's talk 
about the basic internal components that you must have. First of all we have the central processing unit which mainly known as CPU. It  is the primary component of a computer that performs most of the processing inside. It's often referred to as the "brain" of the computer because 
it carries out instructions from programs by performing basic arithmetic, logic, control, and input/output operations. Next up is the random access memory also known as RAM . It is a type of computer memory that temporarily stores data and instructions that your computer's 
processor (CPU) needs to access quickly. It acts as a short-term memory for your computer, allowing it to perform tasks quickly and efficiently. Now you may be thinking, "which sizes of RAM should i get?", while most games can be ran by a 8GB RAM, i suggest you getting
the 16GB RAM as your game will run smoother with it. Then, we got the hard drive that stores your operating system, software applications, personal files (documents, photos, videos), and other data. There are two types of hard drive, the hard disk drive HDD and the solid 
state drive SSD. They serve the same purpose but their performance are very different so people choose them based on their needs. Well for gaming, i recommend you getting the SDD because it loads faster tham HDD which is great because we don't want to wait for ages to
we can play the game. Next up is probably the most important components of our gaming computer which is the graphic card also known as GPU graphics processing unit. This is where it all matter because it renders images, videos, and animations. The difference between a cheap
graphic card and an expensive one is very significant. So i suggest you spending most of your budget here. Besides the internal components we also got the peripheral devices. The monitor is an output device that displays visual information from a computer in other words,
visualize your game. Now even if you got the greatest graphic card but your monitor is low quality, you won't be getting the expected result. Thus, you should spend a bit for the monitor. The screen size is your personal preferences whether you like it bigger or smaller.
1080p for the resolution is good enough but if you have an infinite budget, you can go for the 4k option as it has the best video quality and for the refresh rate i would suggest getting 120Hz for a smoother experience. Then, the keyboard that will be used to control
your character in the game. I don't really spend that much when buying keyboard as i don't really notice the difference between the cheap and the expensive option. Finally, we have the mouse which will be used to shoot your enemies in the game. If you are a competitive 
player i would recommend you checking out the differences options of the mouse as it can affect your performance when gaming but if you are just going to play some chill games than a normal mouse would get the job done. And that's it guys, your gaming computer is complete 
and you are ready to play the games that you have been wanting to. Thank you guys for tuning in, make sure to hit that subscribe button and the notification bell so that you will be notified for the next video. Goodbye and happy gaming.
